
NaCl Hello World in C++
=======================

This is an example of a Hello World NaCl application implemented in C++.
It launches a NaCl module that waits for a string type message form JavaScript 
and sends back an echo message.

### Shows how to:
* implement a NaCl plugin in C++
* send text message from NaCl to JavaScript

### Requirements:
* pepper_42 or newer

### Files description:
* `config.xml`

    Smart TV widget manifest file. For more info search www.samsungdforum.com 
    for config.xml in TizenTV: 
    [link](http://www.samsungdforum.com/tizenguide/?Foldername=tizen151&Filename=index.html).

* `src/hello_world.cc`

    A NaCl C++ application source file. It contains code that is essential to 
    launch a NaCl module written in C++ (implements pp::Module and pp::Instance 
    PPAPIs) and handles simple messaging communication with JavaScript.

* `hello_world_cpp.nmf`

    NaCl application manifest file.
    A JSON file that points to binary file depending on processor architecture.
    Also it shall contain permissions request if a NaCl application wants to use
    some non public Pepper API (like `*_Dev`, `*_Samsung`, `*_Private`).
    See [here](https://developer.chrome.com/native-client/devguide/coding/application-structure#manifest-files).
    Note: This file is generated by NaCl toolchain when building a NaCl project 
    in Samsung TizenTV SDK IDE.

* `hello_world_cpp.*.nexe`

    A NaCl application binaries for specific processor architecture (arm, x86 32
    and 64 bit). 
    These binaries are built by NaCl toolchain when project is built from Samsung
    TizenTV SDK IDE, or you may compile them from CLI using make command. 
    More info [here](https://developer.chrome.com/native-client/devguide/devcycle/building).
    Note: Samsung SmartTVs don't support pnacl files actually, only nexe 
    binaries for ARM architecture. For release version there is no 
    need to include binaries for any other architecture..

* `index.html`

    An entry point to this Web Application - a HTML Web Page file that loads a 
    NaCl plugin.